AlienVault OTX v2 - handle non lower-case URLs and insecure err msg (#14598)
demisto/content: Packs/AlienVault_OTX/Integrations/AlienVault_OTX_v2/README.md

>|---|---|---|---|---|
>| http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/fotoidea.com | fotoidea.com | www.fotoidea.com | http://www.fotoidea.com/sport/4x4_san_ponso/slides/IMG_0068.html/url_list | http://whois.domaintools.com/fotoidea.com |

## Additional Information

>  - AlienVault consider non lowercased URL protocol as invalid, and hence such URL protocols will be lowercased by the integration and returned as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - AlienVault considers non lowercased URL protocol as invalid, e.g, HTTP://www.google.com. Hence such submissions will be lowercased to ensure a seamless usage of the integration.
```
